add newsletter no. 15 as blog post (#1274)
questdb/questdb.io: blog/2022-05-02-newsletter-15.md

---

> title: Newsletter No. 15 - 6.4 release with UPDATE and integration with Redpanda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Newsletter Jun 2022 - 6.4 release with UPDATE and Redpanda Integration
```

author: QuestDB
author_url: https://github.com/questdb
author_image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/52297642?s=200&v=4
description:
  Here are QuestDB's latest updates including release 6.4, Redpanda integration,
  events, and recent milestones achieved with our community
tags: [newsletter]
image: /img/blog/newsletter-preview.png

> slug: newsletter-update-sql-integration-redpanda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: newsletter-update-sql-query-redpanda
```
